# hello-world
 Hello And Thanks to Linus Torval!
 
 I am concentrating on pyhton, c and Ruby on Rails at the moment to etend my programming knowledge 
 for furthering my Off Sec skills and hardware coding. I actually earned a masters in biotechnology from UoF
 and not 6 months after a genetic heart disorder literally killed me for 7 minutes on my front porch, Died again in ambukance and arrived in ER DoA which was another 2 minutes no heartbeat for a total of 9mins. Was put on full life support and hypothermia 5% chance i would survive to be a vegatable 95% chance I would die. After a week wife and family decided to pull the plug at 930am the next morning (When SICU would have no more visitors and all family could be there) I woke up at almost 1am on the dot that morning 8 and 1/2 hours before plug was to be pulled. Within one hour i was off lifesupport and completely stable. It was a miracle.. i had to relearn everything as i recieved massive brain damage. I was and still am in ways Disabled especially in the memory area and personality. I was a computer nerd since i was in kindergarten playing on my grandfathers old 5.25inch floppy computer. When he got a laptop with windoows 3x i was blown away will never foget it. We took his desktop apart and he started teaching me hardware names and  purposes. Then Windows 95 came out when i was in 5th grade my dad bought a 2k dollar HP with a 14.4 baud 95mhz cpu and 4mb ram with a 600mb hard drive. I lived on it. Learned on it made web pages soaked up everything, And i kept soaking up everything all my life one undiagnosed genetic disorder that i survived nearly formatted and fragmented my most precious commodity... The hard drive in my head. Ive been relearnong everything since that happened for 2 years after hospital i was literally out of my mind and unable to learn or do anything.. i was crazy as all get out. My brains slowly but surely been doing what they said it would not do and thats healing. The more i work it the more it heals. Its creating pathways back to old information i already had learned but could not access as i reteach myself mastered subjects. Like Chemistry and Organic Chemostry, Mathematics, Languages verbal and programming, Computer networking. Only issue is there are now things in heavy use that were not in heavy use and i did not have time to learn while i was in college. These things i must learn from scratch at a handicap. No shortcuts because the info is already there. I remmember the last thing as far as programming went that i really sat myself down to and learned inside and out was Flash. I have used linux from command line since 3rd grade. My grandfather worked for At&T was not supposed to but often took me into the local and other switching stations. When switches were still mechanical and big giant servers were installed on other half of building for internet and digital switches. I saw my first unix machine in that building and the big unix manuals above the big giant table top terminal with a hige keyboard and tiny screen with a white blinking square and blue background. An early server room where big money was spent by a telecom giant. the biig giant ducts running to each rack to keep them cool, grandfather would plug in and tap in directly on peoples conversations for me. After i was released from SICU 2 weeks later he had a major heart attack no doubt brought on by the stress of thinking he lost his grandson. Thankfully it happened at dennys right across the street from the ER as they went to get breakfast so they could see me off before i had a major procedure. Hes still alive and healthier then ever. Ive literally no joke clinically died twice. and have Almost been killed by a fraction of an inch twice. Like 50 cent but i never got shot. Other was en event where mr wufe who was month away from being RN brought me back via cpr. 1 was a 30ft fall at 19 where i landed on my neck after healing and going back to work for my father part time we were putting two halves of a mobile home togethere to be lagged when the half rolling on nothing but ma etended jacks started rolling free while i was under it the jacks all flew out and it fell i rolled in between two cross bars knowing id be crushed anyway somehoe it stopped with a big wooden cross beam an inch from my face. it had slid into the other half which was already set and the other half was holding up the part of the house i was under i crawled out quickly and a few seconds later it fell completely. Im still here no matte rhow much god wants me gone and all im interested in is chemistry genetics and anything computers/networks. as ive always been. Im here to do something im jump sdarting my code here. 
